all right congratulations level 155 is a
1970 Toyota Landcruiser fj40 two-door
hardtop it is being offered without
reserve beautifully presented
with our country proud
isn't it amazing $100,000
that's in season how to do it okay I can
stop and even at thirty thousand dollars
and I'll take thirty five thousand
thirteen out the bitch here $70 35,000
our company $35 $40 40 my $50
sitting at 50 thousand dollars here at
50 thousand 50 cards right to him 55 is
one of it it's going away from you at
$15,000 $15,000 and five at a fifty five
fifty five sixty thousand 65 65 now come
along again 65 at sixty enjoy yourself
in this wonderful machine 65 65 delight
five mid 60 here with me and I'm selling
at sixty thousand dollars 65 anywhere
$60,000 have you done I'm selling your
out 60 now 69 love comes 60
nothing with me here at $60,000 for the
first time
$60,000 for the second time
65 or 62 and a half
65 67 and a half 39 $67 wanna go I have
65 with me $65,000 to the first time
$65,000 for the second time $65,000 for
the third and the last time by sell to
the absentee bidder at $65,000 all that
so $65,000